>ACID_RAIN
Acid Rain?
Ah yes, this is a very interesting modification to Magic Storm.  It was prototyped a long time ago, but recently a young fellow-- I think his name is Sirmin, or Sirmeon?-- took to refining it.
Well, I haven't had any trouble with it, but remember that it's not licensed or certified.  And if anyone asks you where you learned it, you happened upon old Sirmeon's notes, right?

>FIRE_WALL
Fire Wall?
Now this is truly a classic spell.  It gets certified and decertified every few centuries.
Always someone complains that it doesn't have a proper warning label.  Yes, make note-- "Fire Wall" will set things on fire.  Unauthorized use of this spell may burn you and all you love to a crisp.
And if anyone asks where you learned it, you were perusing back issues of the Infernium Mythos, hmm?

>ETHER_DRAIN
Ether Drain?
This one you must be cautious with.
As you unquestionably know from your schooling, the Theta(g)-27 psuedoquadrant of the Ether has a very severe pressure differential.
This can be useful for getting rid of dirty dishes, trash, or other unwanted items, but you must be careful not to get sucked in yourself.
In fact, if you *do* open a drain, you should keep an eye out for a wizard named Claudicus.  He invented the spell, and after all this time he's presumably near to finding a way to get back through the hole.

>IRON_GOLEM
Iron Golem?
Hm, yes, this is a nice variant on raising golems, particularly if you're going up against fighters.
So what you have here is a modified pull at the earth.  When you pull at the clay to bring your golem up, it's possible to reach a bit deeper into the lithosphere and infuse your golem with some harder metals.  Careful concentration can bring a dangerously spiky construct that causes harm to anyone who strikes it.
A student named Predominus came up with this one.  Unfortunately he died of  metal poisoning after commanding his golem to figure out some silly thing with the number zero.  

>CALL_COMET
Call Comet?
Look here, this spell is a true testament to the perseverence of wizardry.
We've been trying to call things down from the firmament forever, but it's so high up there that it's hard to concentrate on.  And so mistakes were made in earlier eras, such as, ahem, "The Incident," the "Missing Mountain," and "The Perfectly Round Ocean."
But across the centuries, various wizards, astrologers, and philosophers have been carefully working failsafes and baffles into this spell and now we finally believe it is almost completely nearly safe to call a comet down from the firmament in virtually all circumstances very often in many cases.
Remember that it does take a long time for ice to fall from that high... plan accordingly.  Comets are in the third level of firmament, so if you've dealt with meteors, expect a longer delay and, hem hem, more damage.
Also, I'd work with this spell well away from the college.  You don't want to get a nasty memo and/or executed.

>TURN_UNDEAD
Turn Undead?
After travelling with one of those insufferable Brothers of Infinite Light or whatever, Archchancellor Doniner-- may he rest in peace-- commanded that the college put all energy into creating a turn undead spell.
It works out that this is very difficult to do without the backing of a diety, so this is a little less powerful than the devastating shout that you may have seen paladins or priests use.  But it works.  It definitely turns undead.  And, um, the nearly dead as well.
For you see, it's not a true turn undead spell-- it's a sort of hacked together shortcut that resonates with bones or flesh that lack a certain vitality.  In fact, it's probably not completely safe to use this around the very old or the very ill.  It would be tragic, though amusing, to watch someone on his deathbed suddenly leap up and flee the premises, as his skeleton tries desperately to get away from you.  Hrm, yes... that needs more testing.
So, then... we're agreed that if asked you happened to spot this spell in Blasenstance's *Simulating the Religions of the World*.

>MINDSTAR
Mindstar?
There are some who say that you shouldn't mess with things you don't understand.  But if you don't, what's the point of being a wizard?
This little spell, Mindstar, has been off the roster because technically it can make you insane, murderous, monomaniacal, or a vegetable if you don't cast it just right.  We've been working on that, and I feel confident that you've given me enough gold to use this version safely.
It bridges the nodes of your cortex with magical energies-- or possibly magical entities-- that reduce the amount of space your cognitive impulses need to travel to nearly zero.  The younger fellows like to call it 'quantum thinking,' but it's really just ordinary hoodoo.
And of course, if asked, you got this spell from the Forbidden Compendium, and I will back you up in that assertion.

>REGENERATE
Regenerate?
Now, regenerate is one of the class-S spells, where the S is for sissy.
Some mages hold that there's nothing to be ashamed of in boosting your regeneration of health.
Less pathetic mages argue that a true wizard is so deeply protected by various hexes and shields that regeneration is more a mark of incompetence than skill.
This spell, or one like it, is very popular amongst druids, too.  Says it all, doesn't it?
I'd remind you not to let anyone know I gave you an unapproved spell, but honestly, if you told anyone you were regenerating, they would stop thinking of you, and anything you might have to say, at once.
